.TH NIXNOTE "1" "January 2011" "nixnote 1.1"
.SH NAME
NixNote \- An open source Evernote client.
.SH SYNOPSIS
NixNote is an open source clone of Evernote. Evernote is a collection of software and services that allows users to collect, sort, tag and annotate notes and other miscellaneous information. Data may be stored locally and/or synchronized with Evernote servers so they can be accessed by other clients.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "NN_NAME=<name>"
The name of this NixNote account. This can be used to create separate NixNote databases. Separate databases do not need to be connected to the same Evernote account.
.IP "NN_HOME=<path>" 
The default NixNote database is stored in ~/.nevernote. Specifying this value will change where the database 
is located.
.IP "NN_XMS=<amount>M" 
Minimum amount of heap memory (in megabytes). The default is 256M.
.IP "NN_XMX=<amount>M"
Maximum amount of heap memory (in megabytes). The default is 1024M.
.IP "NN_NEW_RATIO=<number>"
The ratio between young & old generations. This is used in heap management and garbage collection. The default is 1.
.IP "NN_GC_OPT=<value>"
This determines how Java garbage collection is performed.  Valid values are -XX:+UseParNewGC, -XX:+UseConcMarkSweepGC, and -XX:+UseParallelGC. The default is -XX:+UseParallelGC and enables parallel garbage collection.
.IP "NN_DEBUG=<value>"
Used to set Java debug options for problem diagnosis. These values are not normally set.

.SH AUTHORS
NixNote is developed by Randy Baumgarte <randy@fbn.cx>.
.PP
This manual page was written by Vincent Cheng <Vincentc1208@gmail.com> and Randy Baumgarte for the Debian project (and may be used by others).
